---
pubDate: 2024-07-01
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
title: July Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of July 2024
categories: [journal, july]
---

## Week 27 Journal

1. Created new GitHub account with `arv@leapx.ai` email to work with LeapX. (But I don't get this.)
   - There is no sense of creating new account just to commit in company's github organization.
2. Learning many things while working with LeapX.ai.
   - Finished the first interface of two paged streamlit dashboard.
   - Started working on new project which uses `openai` and `llama-index` and it is a kind of AI Dashboard.
   - Aditya said that "Team members are liking my work".
   - Wrote `scrapy` scrapper from scratch to scrape Housing.com and pushed to LeapX.ai GH-ORG.
   - Wrote multiple parser to parse `html` pages (using `selectolax`) of government website's pages where RERA
     registered agents were listed.
3. Watched movie **"The Whale"**.

## Week 28 Journal

1. Finally, found the Astral's `uv` official docs from their GitHub repo's deployment section. The docs are present at
   [astral-sh.github.io/uv](https://astral-sh.github.io/uv/).
2. Watched **Love Life** (2022) movie.
3. Binam bought **Macbook Air M2** (8GB - 256GB).
4. Fixed many bugs in [arv-anshul/dotfiles] repository while setting-up Binam's macbook.

### Internship at **LeapX.ai**

**2024-07-08**

- Started refactoring the big-messy-code (where all `df`s were stored in `st.session_state`) and pushed changes to a new
  repository `campaign-dashboard`.
- Try scraping data of different major cities like Gurgaon, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mumbai, etc. but failed due to blocking.
  So Aditya, asked Pritam (USA based guy with better knowledge) so he told "use slow and randomized scraping using
  Docker".

**2024-07-09**

- 🤒 Took a day-off due to fever and loose motion.

**2024-07-10**

- More refactoring in `campaign-dashboard` (almost completed).
- Downloaded MongoDB Compass in laptop to connect with LeapX cluster where scraped data form Housing.com get stored.

**2024-07-11**

- Created HuggingFace account with `arv@leapx.ai` ID.
- Learned how to use HF Spaces and created a GH Action in `campaign-dashboard` repo to push code from GH to LeapX's HF
  Space where the Streamlit app gets deployed. (done whole thing in 1 Hour :scream:)

**2024-07-12**

- Learned and added Scrapy Pipeline to move scraped data into MongoDB cluster; also added Data Transformation (using
  Polars) code for scraped data.

## Week 29 Journal

1. Maintaining the explanation or description of projects done with LeapX as Data Science Intern in
   [thoughts](/blog/internship-leapx) folder.

### Internship at **LeapX.ai**

**2024-07-15**

- Modified `housing-dashboard` so that it can ingest data from MongoDB.
- Scraped 10k+ data of **Delhi** and **Gurgaon** city using `properties-scraper`.
- `housing-dashboard` is running on HuggingFace Spaces.

**2024-07-16**

- Discussed `properties-scraper` to automate it with @Anurag.
- Modified `properties-scraper` codebase for the same.
- **_[WIP]_** Also wrote code to scrape **Maharastra RERA Agents**.

**2024-07-17**

- Meeting with @Pratham for `campaign-bot` to transform it into an API.
- Meeting with @Vishal & @Aditya for `housing-dashboard` problems.
- Discussed workflow and API architecture of `campaign-bot` API and created flowchart diagram for the same.

### Currently assigned Projects to @Anshul

```markdown
Hi Aditya, I am Anshul, currently assigned with almost 4 projects and it's hard to manage and discuss all of them with
different team members. It will be very helpful if you prioritize these projects so that I can work with them
efficiently without taking too much stress.

**Projects Description**

1. `properties-scraper`: Wrap the project with Docker so that it can scrape multiple cities properties data using `cron`
   job. There are many modifications occur in this project for this like dynamically load `URL` and `city` name. I've
   already discussed about it with @Anurag.

2. `housing-dashboard`: Yesterday (2024-07-17) in a meeting with @Aditya and @Vishal; we discussed some problems
   regarding this project and decided to make some major changes in this project.

3. `campaign-bot`: Yesterday (2024-07-17) meeting with @Pratham; we discussed about creating an API system around this
   to seemlessly integrate this bot in frontend.

4. `campaign-dashboard`: Recently refactored this project (code given by @Aditya) and deployed on HuggingFace Spaces but
   project has very high latency due to bad code management. So, this project also need improvements to handle latency
   and needs better architecture.

Best Regards, Anshul Raj Verma Data Science Intern
```

**2024-07-18**

- Meeting with @Pratham and @Aditya for `campaign-bot` API.
- There is a little progress in `campaign-bot` code but getting unexpected result after passing `user_prompt` in
  `query_pipeline`.
- Pipeline is not working as expected and there are more concerns like how to retrive data for visualization and pass it
  as API response.

**2024-07-21**

Building `campaign-bot-api` with @Aditya and @Pratham and almost completed it. Made with FastAPI with JWT auth (learned
on-the-go).

## Week 30 Journal

1. Droping the idea of journaling of LeapX.ai work.
2. Learning LangChain and [RAG](https://python.langchain.com/v0.2/docs/tutorials/rag) for internship projects.
3. Discussed about **User's Search Intent** classification with @Gagandeep & @Vishal.
   - [What is meant by search intent?](https://www.algolia.com/blog/ux/what-is-meant-by-search-intent-and-what-are-the-different-types/)
   - [Identify user search intent with machine learning.](https://www.algolia.com/blog/ai/how-to-identify-user-search-intent-using-ai-and-machine-learning/)
4. Completed my first month at LeapX.ai as Data Science Intern.
   - [LinkedIn Post](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/arv-anshul_internship-datascienceintern-activity-7222893936674062336-km4E)

## Week 31 Journal

1. Team dinner at LeapX.ai. They order meal for me too :partying_face:
2. Worked on same project **Search Intent Classifier** project whole week. Trained `distilbert-base-uncased` model 2
   times.
3. :medal: First time following and loving olympics matches and athlete :saluting_face:
   - :star_struck: Loving Lakshya Sen and Hockey Team performaces.
4. Using and kind of loving the new alternative of Jupyter Notebook; [**Marimo**](https://marimo.io).

[arv-anshul/dotfiles]: https://github.com/arv-anshul/dotfiles
