---
pubDate: 2024-09-01
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
title: September Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of September 2024
categories: [journal, september]
---

## Week 36 Journal

1. Now, Polars supports `altair` charts with `.plot` accessor.
2. Heavy refactoring in `google-ads-api` project.
3. Finally, migrated `housing-dashboard` project to Taipy from Streamlit.
4. Helped @Sambhav with his Job Assignment related to simple RAG project.
5. Learned how to use F-Droid and also installed some utility apps.

## Week 37 Journal

1. Getting some issue with DELL keyboard but now it is fixed.
2. :technologist: Will not continue the internship after 3 months instead work on a big project to incorporate all my
   learning there and make it a standout project.
   - Read [**"After LeapX"** thoughts](/blog/internship-leapx#after-leapx).
3. Added one more dataset in `ad-campaign-bot` (Chat with campaign data) project, i.e. `age_gender_df`. Used Facebook
   Marketing API docs to understand the process and resultant data from the API.
4. The `ad-campaign-bot` or `campaign-bot-api` project can drop the `facebook-sdk` package from its dependency and only
   use `httpx` to make request with API because we are not taking the advantages of that SDK anyway instead we are just
   making raw request to the API.
5. I have got the Mass Driver Font from `assets.runno.dev` domain.
   - Regular: <https://assets.runno.dev/md-io/md-io-regular.woff2>
   - Italic: <https://assets.runno.dev/md-io/md-io-italic.woff2>
   - Bold: <https://assets.runno.dev/md-io/md-io-bold.woff2>
   - I haven't got the "Bold Italic" variant. :disappointed:
6. Created chrome extension to modify css of pre-defined websites. _I was thinking about this for 1 years._
7. Downloaded the crack version of Aldente (Charger Limiter App) from **`macbed.com`** and in order to make it work I
   have to **block Aldente's outgoing connections**, so for this I have installed
   [**Lulu app**](https://objective-see.com/products/lulu.html).

## Week 38 Journal

1. After watching a [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/1GbJQ7fHgqo), I've created a new project called
   [`canvas-ai`](https://github.com/arv-anshul/canvas-ai) which can analyse image containing mathematical expression or
   problem and return a structured response. My first personal GenAI project and its awesome :star_struck:.
2. New project from LeapX to scrape many-many different webpages to build RAG models. Already scraped _Facebook
   Marketing API docs_ and submitted to @Shubham.
3. Used `clap` crate in [`md_badges`](https://github.com/arv-anshul/thrust/tree/main/md_badges) cli tool.
   - You can also download the `md_badges` cli tool in your system as binary with `cargo install` command, _see
     project's [README.md](https://github.com/arv-anshul/thrust/blob/main/md_badges/README.md) form more info_.
4. :sneezing_face: Ill for last two days :sneezing_face:

## Week 39 Journal

1. Replace `Pylance` with `basedpyright` in VSCode.
2. Successfully configures Zed IDE with `basedpyright` and `ruff` extensions.
   > **I think now I can try to ditch VSCode editor.**
3. Enabled Codeium AI completion in VSCode.
4. Trying Zed and Marimo inplace of classic apps.
5. :star: New project started in DSMP 2.0. It is a Chrome Extension for YouTube to perform sentiment analysis on video's
   comments.
6. Connected with @Mohit and @Dipanjan to collaborate on new DSMP 2.0 project and had a nice discussion around it.
