---
pubDate: 2024-12-01
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
title: December Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of December 2024
categories: [journal, december]
---

## Week 49 Journal

1. :star: Internship ended at LeapX after 5 Months.
   - They asked to continue after exams.
   - I decided to go there to meet them.
2. Continue learning RNN (LSTM, GRU, Deep RNNs and BiDirectional RNNs) from CampusX.
3. Trying to study for 12th boards but its hard to focus on it because (I think) its a whole new genre to study from
   scratch (because I forgot all the things).
4. Created a Jupyter Notebook around **Search Keyword Classification** which I had work on while in internship.
   - Tackle all the problems like **Category Classification, Intent Classification, Score Assigning and Similar Keywords
     Grouping**.
5. :cat: Discovered this [interesting project](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles) on top of **Stylus** browser
   extension which apply **Catppuccin Theme** on various popular websites such as GitHub, OpenAI, Perplexity, Spotify,
   and [many more](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles#-userstyles). Isn't this interesting to transform all the
   website theme in one color palette.
   - After this I am considring to try this **Catppuccin Theme** but I am afraid that I would like it because I don't
     really like it's color pallete.

## Week 50 Journal

1. Exploring LLM agents with Langchain & Ollama. Also trying to built something around specially which I have already
   built in internship.

2. Worked on [notebooks/llm/chat-with-data](https://github.com/arv-anshul/notebooks/tree/main/llm/chat-with-data)
   scripts.

3. Explored **python's `tree-sitter` schema** for Zed in [PR#21389](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed/pull/21389).

4. Is development of Zed editor very slow. @Hitesh Choudhary stated this in his recent video?

   IMO yes, because if you look closely it seems they are more focused on AI side of it. One of the most important
   feature like builtin `ipython` notebook is not their priority RN which is bad for most of the users (including me), I
   constantly switching with VSCode for that.

5. Marimo is working on [`html-wasm` export feature][marimo/html-wasm] which is actually nice.

   - Marimo has multiple hidden capabilities you just have explore it _(you'll love it, i am sure about it)_.
   - Just waiting for the support of VSCode's builting notebook layout.

## Week 51 Journal

1. :technologist: Worked on [`yt-comment-sentiment`][yt-comment-sentiment] project.
   - Explored `pre-commit` and `pytest` while working on it.
2. :pirate_flag: Found an amazing website [fmhy.net](https://fmhy.net) where linksof many piracy sites were listed.
3. :man_facepalming: I accidentally deleted a file (where test for a FastAPI app is written) using `rm` command and then
   I had wrote it again from scratch.
4. Update social links on website and more. See [`arv-anshul.github.io`][arv-anshul.github.io] repo commits.

## Week 52 Journal

1. :star_struck: Building frontend side of [`yt-comment-sentiment`][yt-comment-sentiment] project using
   [VueJs](https://vuejs.org).
2. Learning **VueJs** for frontend, _as I don't know TypeScript using only Javascript_.
3. Deployed both Backend on Render.com and Frontend on GitHub Pages.
4. Also wrote about [`yt-comment-sentiment` project](https://arv-anshul.github.io/project/yt-comment-sentiment).
5. I have decided to make this project big enough to be called as a product in itself. (दृढनिश्चय)
6. I also think to write a marimo notebook which summarize my development/learning/inconsistency using LLMs. As I want
   to summarize my whole year diary/journal with this idea.
7. Wrote a blog on how to dockerize a FastAPI app which is managed by `uv`, took reference of `yt-comment-sentiment`
   project.
8. I have also learned many things around `pre-commit` and `pytest` which I have used in project recently.
9. Installed `ghostty` terminal emulator and it is great, looking forward to stick with it.

[arv-anshul.github.io]: https://github.com/arv-anshul/arv-anshul.github.io/commits?since=2024-12-15&until=2024-12-21
[marimo/html-wasm]: https://docs.marimo.io/guides/exporting.html#export-to-wasm-powered-html
[yt-comment-sentiment]: https://github.com/arv-anshul/yt-comment-sentiment/commits?since=2024-12-15&until=2024-12-21
