---
pubDate: 2025-12-31
icon: lucide:route
title: Journey of 2025
description: Summarizing the Journey of 2025 from the Journal
categories: [journal, review]
---

# Journey of 2025

At the end of the year, I wrote this so that one can get a summary what have I mainly done throughout the year on
monthly basis. I haven't mentioned all the moments from the Journal only whom I found important.

## [January](./01.md)

**Keywords:** BERT, Keras 3, HF Transformer, Fine-tuning, LaTeX, Journal Summarizer, LaTex, Resume, Hockey

### Summary

- Explored finetuning the **BERT models** with PyTorch and HuggingFace Transformer libraries with efficient methods like
  PEFT, LORA, etc.
- Created the **Journal Summarizer** in Marimo for this diary repo.
- Worked with LaTeX and related tools to create a pipeline for resume management.
- Got interested in **Hockey** (from _Hockey India League_) and created a web scraping project which scrapes HIL matches
  data from the official website.

## [February](./02.md)

**Keywords:** Kaggle Courses, Reels, AI Agent, Job Applier Agent, Browser Use, Kunkun

### Summary

- After reading the journal I just came to know that I scrolled **REELS** for procrastination :WoOoW:
- Meet with @Sagar for a **Job Applier AI Agent** with Browser Use.
- Enrolled in **Agents Course** by _Hugging Face_ and **Intro to LanGraph** by _LangChain_.
- Contributed in **Kunkun** project but now there is almost no development ongoing.

## [March](./03.md)

**Keywords:** Coding Hero, LangGraph Studio, RAG, unsloth-ai, Opik

### Summary

- Learning **LLM Agents** creation with LangGraph also learning related concept like RAG, few-shot-prompting, etc.
- Came to know about **unsloth-ai** for easy and efficient LLM finetuning.
- Contacted with **LeapX.ai** and restart the work with them but the split happened.

## [April](./04.md)

**Keywords:** Rust for ML, RSS, Folo, Post Generator, Cousin Wedding

### Summary

- Explored **Rust ecosystem** for Data Science and ML.
- Found **Folo** app for RSS Feed reader.
- Worked on new idea by @Aditya **Post Generator** for Linkedin but dumped.
- Took break for **cousin wedding**.

## [May](./05.md)

**Keywords:** spotyhive, ty, College

### Summary

- Created a program to fetch and store my **Spotify** Data like Playlist and Album data.
- ty: new Python type checker by **Astral**.
- Got busy in finding **College** after passing 12th.

## [June](./06.md)

**Keywords:** College

### Summary

- Got **admission in LNCT Bhopal** in B. Tech. (CSE/DS) course.
- Did nothing as I was busy in **College and stuff**.

## [July](./07.md)

**Keywords:** College, Typst, @Araadhay, Infina Research, Password Manager, BitWarden

### Summary

- **Moved to Bhopal** for College.
- Helped @Araadhay in his **Infina Research** project.
- Started using **BitWarden** for password management.

## [August](./08.md)

**Keywords:** Google Arcade Program, Typst, Jaipur Trip, College, College Orientation Program

### Summary

- Joined into **Google Arcade Program**.
- Migrated to **Typst** for Resume management.
- **Jaipur Trip** with @Ankit and @Tanu.
- College is started by **25th August**.

## [September](./09.md)

**Keywords:** Google One, MCP, Google Jules, Gravatar, j178/prek, Zyou SDK

### Summary

- Claimed **Google One** plan for students for 12 months.
- **Deleted useless repositories** from GitHub account.

## [October](./10.md)

**Keywords:** EDA, Diwali, Chhath Puja, Burn

### Summary

- Performed **EDA** on Online Transaction data.
- After giving the MidSem-1 Exam came **Home** in Chhath Puja.
- Wanted to learn **Burn** framework.

## [November](./11.md)

**Keywords:** Zensical, College

### Summary

- **Zensical** is now replacement of Material for MkDocs.
- **Trapped in College** works so there is no entry.

## [December](./12.md)

**Keywords:** Helium, College, Exams, Liberation Notes

### Summary

- Installed **Helium** browser.
- Came **Home** after MidSem-2.
- Being **liberated from College**.
