---
pubDate: 2025-03-01
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
title: March Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of March 2025
categories: [journal, march]
---

## Week 10 Journal

1. Explored **interrupt** and **Human in the Loop** mechanism in LangGraph.
2. Joined in some classes of Coding Hero platform its good to grow your network but good for learning as the teachers
   are learner itself and have no experience of teaching. _(Just my POV)_
3. Learning _LangGraph_ and creating a POC with **Query IPL DB** project idea. Just to get familiar with all concepts.

## Week 11 Journal

1. Exams are over and now continuing to learn and create.
2. Explored **LangGraph Studio** web version.
3. Building `ipl_agent` but intrigued by the performance of agent as it doesn't perform as excepted and give random
   answers. I need to learn how to improve the results of LLM like using few-shot-prompting, better RAG, good prompting
   technique, and more.
4. IMO, finetuning a LLM with [unsloth-ai] is easy as there are plenty of resources to learn how to finetune LLM using
   [unsloth-ai]. I think you just need to find or create a dataset for your purpose and you are ready to go.

## Week 12 Journal

1. Re-join **LeapX.ai** as Data Science and AI Intern currently stipend and duration is not decided.
2. Explored project repos of **LeapX.ai** and they are messy af, so I've added `pre-commit` and used `uv` to manage it.
3. Forgot to write **Week 12** (and almost **Week 13**) journal on time so I am writing it on last day of **Week 13**.
4. Found a nice and beautiful alternative for Swagger UI called [**Scalar.com**][scalar.com], _although it is beautiful
   but not straight-forward as Swagger_.

## Week 13 Journal

1. Discussed about `job-finder` project with @Dipanjan.
2. Wrote `Dockerfile` for production as well development stage for LeapX's project.
3. Explored `opik` to manage prompts and log LLM traces for LeapX's Sage project.
4. Started working on `job-finder` project and already implemented some major features. See the project repo at
   [`@arv-anshul/job-finder`].

[scalar.com]: https://scalar.com
[unsloth-ai]: https://unsloth.ai
[`@arv-anshul/job-finder`]: https://github.com/arv-anshul/job-finder
