---
pubDate: 2025-04-01
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
title: April Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of April 2025
categories: [journal, april]
---

## Week 14 Journal

1. Read about data science and machine learning libraries in Rust ecosystem. Libraries like `polars` (for Data
   Manipulation), `linfa` (for Machine Learning) and `ndarray` (like `numpy`) are there.
2. I am planing to create an ML model in Rust and convert it into WASM to run it on browser, although I am not sure that
   I am actually going to achieve this but I will definitely read about it.
3. Deep dive into `pydantic` learned advance validation and serialization with custom functions while working on
   `job-finder` project.
4. I have not been able to work this week with LeapX as I am not feeling well.
5. Trying to run FLUX-dev model for Chili style image generation but doesn't because my MAC's RAM got out of memory.
6. Trying `dprint` to format docs, previously tried with `mdformat-mkdocs` but it couldn't gives satisfiable result,
   although `dprint` doesn't supports MkDocs but want to give it a try for basic formatting.

## Week 15 Journal

1. Performing advance analysis on Campaigns datasets with @Aditya Sir.
2. In `sage-backend`, we now infer LLM model from prompts' metadata.
3. Gone to Patna for sister's JEE test met with @Shubham Bhaiya.
4. Office re-location talk with @Aditya Sir.
5. Got disturbed by heavy storms as the electricity and internet connection is fluctuating.

## Week 16 Journal

1. Re-exploring the RSS Feeds trying to gather different important news at one place with Folo app.
2. @Aditya Sir thought about new SAAS idea that to generate PDFs for social media posting specially LinkedIn.
3. Updated introduction paragraph on website and GitHub profile. Used LLMs to generate it from highlight points.

## Week 17 Journal

1. @Aditya Sir started working on Post Generator for LinkedIn (using AI).
2. Taking break for wedding.

## Week 18 Journal

1. No work took break for cousin wedding from 25-04-2025 to 07-05-2025.
