---
pubDate: 2026-01-01
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
title: January Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of January 202
categories: [journal, january]
---

## Week 01 Journal

1. Came home on 23 December.
2. Learning and exploring CNNs concepts like Object recognition, object detection. Also recalling fundamentals like
   filters, channels, padding, pooling, etc.
3. **IDEA:** A CV project for student attendance using Object detection technique from video input.
4. Explored Burn and actually understood something _(but not much)_.
   - Wrote couple of lines and able to build a pipeline to train a simple NN model with Iris dataset.
5. Performed cleanup in:
   - **GitHub Stars:** Removed dead, un-useful (personally) repositories.
   - **Folo RSS:** Replaced some `rsshub://` feeds with open-source maintained projects like
     [RSSBridge](https://rss-bridge.org/bridge01/),
     [GitHubTrendingRSS](https://github.com/mshibanami/GitHubTrendingRSS). Also added rss feeds.
6. **Hero Hockey India League 2026** is streaming for free on YouTube 😉.

## Week 02 Journal

1. Disabled Prettier for `dprint` in Zed editor.
   - The dprint extension in Zed is not maintained wisely as the language configuration is not full featured. The
     maintainer copied the configs of biome-zed extension’s config.
2. I stumble upon a very nice video on [Object Detection by YOLOv8](https://youtu.be/WgPbbWmnXJ8) by “Murtaza Workshop”
   YouTube channel. Now I can easily work with YOLO models and can build some CV projects.
3. Thinking of creating content or documenting my learning journey or my projects on YouTube. That’s why I installed
   **OBS Studio** to record and stream videos.
   - Requested for live streaming on my YouTbe account. Let’s see how it goes?
   - First I will start non-face cam live sessions, only audio.
4. I sometime write the Journal in **Raycast Notes** so the sentences might become present tense as I am writing and
   thinking/doing at same time or going to do.
5. There’s a `/blog` in main website which I use for technical notes and references. Now, I want to write my thoughts,
   random small thoughts _(if I get time for it)_. So I’ll use new `/diary/page` endpoint for that.
   - I am tweaking the `/blog` for better visibility or for no reason.
6. Updated and fixed Zed editor VS Code Dark Modern theme. Put it in my dotfiles.
7. I got suspended by GitHub in the morning and just after automatically resumed, but why? I don’t know. Although I got
   an email about it but there is no clarification. They just instructed to reset the password.
   - Now, my hosted websites ([arv-anshul.github.io](https://arv-anshul.github.io)) are not working.
   - I am able to commit into my repositories and raised an issue in other repository successfully.
   - My issues are not visible in public, checked from incognito.
   - I have created a new ticket ([#3999489](https://support.github.com/ticket/personal/0/3999489)) at GitHub Support on
     2026-01-08T23:29:00.
8. Successfully, configured `mdformat` in `arv-anshul/diary` repository to format the Markdown files as expected.
   - Not able to do so for `arv-anshul/arv-anshul.github.io` repository due the formatter's behavior of replacing
     `&nbsp;` (like HTML tokens) with corresponding UTF-8 character, which I don't want. There is no option to disable
     it.
9. **SG Pipers** won Hero Hockey India League (Women) tournament and I'm supporting them ;).

## Week 03 Journal

1. Amazing video on [**Model Distillation for Query Intent Classification**](https://youtu.be/uwZqEvssHpk). He doesn’t
   distill any LLM or SLM instead a simple-small NN using the data generated by GPT 3.5 model.
2. Wrote a new page [**Review of 2025**](/blog/review-of-2025).
3. Explored codebase of [Presenton](https://github.com/presenton/presenton), to learn how to create an AI to generate or
   edit PPTX documents. And I have to say there is a lot going on not only in Python (Backend) side in fact on
   TypeScript (Frontend) side too. I want to review it once more soon.
4. **IDEA:** A CLI which fetches release notes of provided GitHub repositories and displays the notes in terminal.
   - Now I am learning Rust programming through this.
   - Check [`rlog`](https://github.com/arv-anshul/thrust/tree/main/projects/rlog) in `arv-anshul/thrust` repository.
5. Oooh! Got the full access of my GitHub account. Support assisted to privatize to delete the
   [arv-anshul/dotfiles](https://github.com/arv-anshul/dotfiles) repository, I changed the visibility to PRIVATE. See
   [diary page](/blog/github-account-flagged) to know in detail.
6. Ordered Google Arcade gifts. I got a T-Shirt, a Water Bottle, some Magnetic stickers, and an Arcade Stickers Sheet.
   - Although, I may have been gotten some more but I got distracted by Jaipur trip and then College.
7. Wrote a new page [**Follow a Routine**](/blog/follow-a-routine).
8. I am planning to migrate my website (from `mkdocs-material`) to some other framework maybe Mintlify, Astro, etc.
   First I'll do `arv-anshul/diary` then eventually (if I like it) migrate `arv-anshul/arv-anshul.github.io`.

## Week 04 Journal

1. Continued learning Rust from `rlog` project.
2. Working on the work given by @Sarvesh.
3. Explored [Fumadocs](https://fumdocs.dev) for personal docs migration alternative.
   - It is quite intriguing but hard to figure out what’s happening in the files. All the functions are scattered, but
     now able to navigate. I know they are in there but with new eyes it's hard to figure out.
   - Read page [Migrate Docs to Fumadocs](/blog/migrate-docs-to-fumadocs).
4. Installed Zorin OS on home laptop (DELL) it is working fine for now, but the laptop’s display is too bad to stare,
   not good as Mac’s.
5. Store SSH Keys in BitWarden.
6. Used LocalSend for file transferring between Phone and Mac.
7. **IDEA:** Create a web app (specially static web app _if possible_) to convert a photo into passport sized photo and
   the convert it into A4 size PDF for printing.
8. Updated dotfiles. See page [Dotfiles Management](/blog/dotfiles-management).
9. Came Patna for JEE test of @Akansha.
10. Stayed in Patna for three days (24 Jan to 26 Jan).

## Week 05 Journal

1. **Kalinga Lancers** won HIL tournament. I supported them ;)
2. My priorities:
   - Website
   - Learn the Burn framework
   - Excel Deep Learning
   - Improve the `yt-watch-history`
   - Or new project.
3. Worked on website migration (Fumadocs + Tanstack Start + Vite + Bun). Currently I am not very confident to migrate.
4. Trying to book train ticket to return with @Himanshu.
5. Trying Astro to create the website from scratch. I got some progress with it and I am liking it, planning to stick
   with it.
