---
pubDate: 2026-02-01
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
title: February Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of February 2026
categories: [journal, february]
---

## Week 06 Journal

1. Talked with @Manik about office relocation in Pune.
2. Came to Hostel in Bhopal on 2026-02-01.
3. Discussing the Transfer Certificate and busy in college for this.
4. I will stick with Astro implementation of the website. Its fun and learn to build it.
   - Integrated some of cool and important things in my website i.e. RSS, Open Graph Images, Favicon, SEO, and Sitemap.
   - I had a very confusing experience with trailing slashes in Astro application.
5. End semester exam of @Ankit is ongoing.

## Week 07 Journal

1. Had a conversation on call with @Adityaojas for TC, office relocation, and future.
2. Almost migrated the main website to Astro.
   - Renamed the `v2` repo to `website-astro`.
3. Migrating the diary repository.
   - Will convert `docs/page/pages` to blog as they are not so distinct.
   - All routes has their own OG Image.
   - Resume is serving at `/resume` route.
4. Reiterated over Account Statement EDA notebook.
5. **IDEA:** Create a notebook where you can see your browser history analysed either by LLMs or EDA.
6. Using [`rumdl`](https://rumdl.dev) for Markdown linting and formatting in website codebase.
7. Tried to deploy the `website-fumadocs` repository on GitHub Pages but couldn’t as I didn’t found any reference. Also,
   I don’t want to dig into this, now. :(
8. Moved the `website-astro` repository to main `arv-anshul.github.io` repository.

## Week 08 Journal

1. Synced SSH keys with Bitwanden and configured developer accounts with BitWarden’s SSH Agent. Also wrote a blog
   [”SSH with Bitwarden”](https://blog/ssh-with-bitwarden).
2. Added search feature in website with [Pagefind](https://pagefind.app). Built it with Antigravity editor.
3. Taking Audio Course by HuggingFace.

## Week 09 Journal

1. Worked on Syllabus Helper project.
2. Added notes on some unmaintained repositories:
   - [arv-anshul/diary](https://github.com/arv-anshul/diary)
   - [arv-anshul/campusx-learning](https://github.com/arv-anshul/campusx-learning)
3. New Biome and Ultracite update messed my linting and formatting of my website repository.
4. Using song in my Alarm to break my sleep in the morning as I do not pause the song in the middle.
5. Watched India vs West Indies Super 8 match of T20 World Cup. India won.
