---
title: March Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of March 2026
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
pubDate: 2026-03-01
categories: [journal, march]
---

## Week 10 Journal

1. Added sitemap in the website.
2. I have to get crazy for Rust, so that I can learn it.
3. Learned Rust concepts i.e. Traits, Trait Object, Iterator, Type Coercion.
4. Created Family Tree data structure with `pydantic.BaseModel` in Python.
5. Created Justfile recipes to create new content template for the website instead of JavaScript script.

## Week 11 Journal

1. Tested and started live streaming on YouTube.
   - Wrote a blog named [Streaming Mode](/blog/streaming-mode).
   - There are some problems I've got like:
     1. I'm not able to watch the live streaming from my Phone. Why? _Not even from the mobile browser._
2. In Rust:
   - How is this `Ok()`/`Some()` is working instead they should be like `Result::Ok()`/`Option::Some()`.
   - We can’t return a Union type in Rust like in python (i.e. `ValueError | KeyError`) instead you’ve to use **Dynamic
     Dispatch** like `Result<(), Box<dyn std::error:Error>>`.
3. Feeling sick but able pull up mindset to not rest and just sit and learn.
4. Gone to trip to Dehradun with @Ankit and @Tanu from 13 March to 19 March.

## Week 12 Journal

1. Gone to trip to Dehradun with @Ankit and @Tanu from 13 March to 19 March.
2. Wrote a blog on [Dehradun Trip](/blog/dehradun-trip).
3. Created Expense Tracker Excel Sheet for the recent trip.
4. Watched movie **Dhurandhar 2** in cinema hall on 21 March, in 08 AM slot and returned to hostel around 01 PM.

## Week 13 Journal

1. Watched movie **“96”**.
2. @Pratham called to tell me to get ready.
3. @Anurag’s birthday party on 26 March.
4. Explored Burn framework again.
5. Read a nice small article from Kagi Smallweb.
   [If it doesn’t add, it subtracts](https://tldr.bearblog.dev/if-it-doesnt-add-it-subtracts). This article clearly show
   my philosophy of attaining/owning lesser materials/things in my life. I am totally happy with my 2 years old clothes
   or 4 years old shoes. If, it is satisfying my need then it isn’t worth replacing or just bringing new one for the
   sake of having a newer one.
