---
title: April Journal
description: Weekly Journal by ARV of April 2026
icon: lucide:notebook-pen
pubDate: 2026-04-01
categories: [journal, april]
---

## Week 14 Journal

1. Watched movie **Edge Of Tomorrow**.
2. Watched a Netflix show **American Vandal**, it was amazing, too good. It has been on my watchlist since 2023-01-17,
   as recommended by ComicVerse YT channel.
3. I also watched couple of episodes watched **The Mentalist** but it is boring. It isn't gripping and thrilling as I
   expect to be.
4. Spotify updated their policy for Developer Access, see [blog][spotify-new-policy-blog]. Now I can't be able to
   maintain my Spotify data through [arv-anshul/spotyhive](https://github.com/arv-anshul/spotyhive) repository.
5. IDEA: Create a route _(because currently it is static)_ in the website which can serve a bash file to render the
   website gist in the terminal. Similar to `curl ysap.sh`.
6. IDEA: Create a CLI app which can render the [resume.json] as a Resume in terminal.
7. IDEA: Create a program which creates a proper structured notes from YouTube video.
8. Had a talk with @Adityaojas and @Manik for the migration. I might move next week.
9. Connected with @Araadhay for his new idea.

[spotify-new-policy-blog]: https://developer.spotify.com/blog/2026-02-06-update-on-developer-access-and-platform-security
[resume.json]: https://github.com/arv-anshul/resume/blob/main/resume.json

## Week 15 Journal

1. Helped CampusX to protect their notes from leaking. They had showed their notes URL in thier video through which
   anyone can download it. It was stored in Google Cloud.
2. Watched **Shrinking** Season 3 and an anime Dohedoro.
3. Had a meeting with @Araadhay regarding his new OpenClaw and ClawHub related idea.
4. Hermes-Agent a lightweight OpenClaw.
5. Confirmed the date of migration from Hostel to Pune with @Manik, it is 15th March.
6. @Naina wrote a formal invitation for her birthday. It was quite unexpected but I really liked it.
7. Had a long day on Saturday because of Scooty servicing (5 hours), gift decision (4 hours), bath.
8. Enjoyed at pool party on @Naina birthday party.

## Week 16 Journal

1. Came to **Baner, Pune** on 16th at 9 o'clock with 16 hours late train.
2. Met with @Manik, @Pratham, and @Anurag at the Guesthouse.
3. Visited cousin's house on Sunday and came back on Monday for work.

## Week 17 Journal

1. Working from 13 to 21 in office.
2. Taking a trip to Goa from Pune.
